feat(check-param-names): Add disableMissingParamChecks option (#1206)
gajus/eslint-plugin-jsdoc: .README/rules/check-param-names.md

access and this option is only intended to permit documenting extra properties
that are available and actually used in the function.

### `disableMissingParamChecks`

> Whether to check for missing `@param` definitions. Defaults to `false`. Change to `true` if you want to be able to omit properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to avoid checks for missing `@param` definitions. Defaults to `false`. Change to `true` if you want to be able to omit properties.
```
